Today is my last day here in Montenegro! I was supposed to fly home already four
days ago, but it seems circumstance wanted me to keep vacationing. Tomorrow we
are also not going home, but we will be flying to Greece. Hopefully not for
long.

But, I've come to accept it. When you cannot change your situation, you can
always find a bright side to latch on to. It might be a little bit of a cope,
but I'm happy. I can still keep studying. I see my family more. It's nice.

Today, I worked a lot on learning Souffle. I learned about the difference
between relations and functors, about components (and how I probably won't use
them - they are so un-modular!) and I learned about letting go. Sometimes, it's
easy to get caught up in a way of thinking. For me, I get easily caught up in
trying to make things very generic and reusable. But, most of the time,
[YANGI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You_aren%27t_gonna_need_it).
How that meets me today is in what I spent time on all day. Most of my time
today, I was frustrated and trying to figure out how to do things with paths and
representing those paths as a list in Souffle.
The thing is, for my project, I won't even have any code that predicates on
paths! (We are making a static analysis for some kind of code, but the analysis
is not gonna care about no paths).

Anyway, It's late, I think I'm gonna eat some instant ramen and rest for a
while. Maybe watch a video or play a game.

Later in the evening, I want to prepare some things for what I am going to do
tomorrow. I want to start working on a poster my team needs in one of the
projects I'm a part of. Tomorrow, I'll have a flight, so it should be a good
opportunity to work on that.

I hope everyone is safe there in Israel.
