Today is Sunday, June 15, here from Montenegro! Still no coming back to Israel,
and probably won't be for a while. Right now I have to face the reality that I
cannot help my girlfriend with her service as for now, and that I have studies
to face and that the Technion does not stop even for War. On the agenda for the
rest of the day is:
1. A meeting with Saar and Inbar, probably about 2 hours.
2. Prepare by reading the slides from Shachar's last lesson.
3. Message Shachar and the rest of my professors to let them know about my
   situation.
4. Write a message to my students about tomorrow's lesson.
5. Review more Souffle code.

Souffle is a cool programming language. If I understand correctly, it is a
superset of Datalog, that let's you write non-terminating programs, and it's
useful for problems relating to static analysis of code. Pretty close to what
Shachar and I want!


## End of the day summary
All considered, things went fine today. Every day for the next couple of weeks
will probably be very challenging, and will come with it's own unique
challenges, but today went well overall. Despite all that happened in the world
around me. Right now it is 21:02 here, 22:02 for the GF. She said I'll probably
get a call from her in an hour or so - so I am excited to hear from her. Here's
hoping that she is doing as good as she can in her situation.

In terms of tasks and life-up-keep: Every bullet up I pretty much addressed -
which I did not expect - that's good! The meeting did take about 4 hours
instead, but we got much more progress than anticipated. Right now I think I'll
close shop and turn go either mess with my terminal or try to work on my site
for a while. I can also work more on learning Souffle but that can always wait.

## Tomorrow
Tomorrow I will have a zoom I am going to lecture in at 11:30. Plan to wake up
around 7-8 or so. Maybe us in the research group will do a small meeting too
just to chat which could be fun. Maybe I'll try playing paddle with my family
too in the evening. Between all this, I'll try working more on Souffle, on
physics, on Networks and hopefully that's going to be enough. The rest can wait.
Maybe I'll sort my tasks on TickTick first in the morning before all that.
