Hello! Today is the 14th of June, 2025. A lot has happened recently in my life.
Some relationship things, some work/academic things, some political things.
For one thing, I am right now in a trip with my family, to Montenegro.
Montenegro is a beautiful place, with lots of mountains and a beautiful sea. The
food is good, there is a lot to see and hear. I really liked it. And it has been
such a long time since I last traveled with my family. I am really fortunate to
get the opportunity to experience this with them, and to spend time with there
people that I really love, even when life is shitty and my studies are
suffocating me.

On the other hand, I was actually supposed to be home right now, with my
girlfriend. I had a flight booked for 5 hours ago, but it got canceled. Why did
it get canceled? Because Israel declared war on Iran and attacked. Because of
that attack, the entire airspace above Israel is, of course, closed. So I cannot
fly home, and I don't know when I'll be able to fly home. For now, I am glad I
am outside of the country, because it's much safer here (100% less missiles) but
goddamn I really want to go and be there for my girlfriend right now (She has
200% more missiles, military duty, and a lonely cat).

For now, I am dumping my heart, mind and thoughts into this text-file, as I try
to retrieve my focus, channel it into a single stream of consciousness, and
direct that stream calmly into what is actionable and before me. For now I can
thing of 2 very important things I have to do: 1. Take a shower (we had a fun
day today) 2. Start working an assignment I need to submit tomorrow evening.
Yes, school apparently does not stop for war. That might change, but I should
still get ahead while I can, so I can be there for my girlfriend (and for the
rest of the people in my life, including myself) when I finally get home.

I will feel FOMO at not enjoying this trip with my family, but I want to do
this, because I have goals I must achieve and people I want to be strong for.

This war is just another bump in the road. A big one. Life is a series of bumps
in the road, the occasional finally-good days, and lots and lots of dreams to
pick from. I will keep working towards my dreams, and I'll try to help myself
and my community in the ways that I know.

For now, I'll go take a shower. Then I'll start working on that assignment.
After that I'll try and plan what I to do tomorrow, and maybe I'll read about an
interesting programming language called Souffle that I have some plans for.
