I can't sleep! Everything is kinda shitty now. I very much fear for the life and
the safety of my family and loved ones. I am trying to stay stoic and focused
but it's very hard to go back to sleep after seeing texts in the group chat
of friends asking each other if they managed to fall asleep between missile
strikes.

This whole "we have to protect our country and our livelihood in order to be
able to live in this world and that comes at the cost of other people's homes
sometimes and our day-to-day and our normality" is something I don't think my
brain quite grasps even after 21 years of brain activity.

When I grew up, I did not quite understand how much Israel really does fight
every day to keep it's citizens safe, and how much of a hell we really are
surrounded by. I did not have any concept of how the people inside and outside
of our borders genuinely want to slaughter us, even in bear hands.

Living in a situation like that, requires us to take action. It requires us all
to sacrifice our normality and our day-to-day, to give it to reserve duty, to
give it to help our soldiers, and those affected by war and terror inside our
state. And that sucks! I never realized how I could never live a normal life.
Us inside Israel, we have to always be ready to drop everything we are doing,
and completely abandon our lives, for an unknown amount of time, to go to
reserve duty, or just to stay in bomb shelters or just for when another war is
started in general. Apparently that could be a once-in-2-years-or-so thing, and
it was just my personal luck that this kind of situation never really happened
for me when I was growing up. My heart goes out to all my friends and that have
had to leave their homes, leave their jobs, not be able to pay rent, or those
who cannot do that and must continue to work and live in a house without a bomb
shelter, or to go to their base in the day, and come back for work at night. Not
to even mention those who have had their homes destroyed, or their families
permanently scarred. This is a war Israel started, it is not because we want to.

Anyway, maybe none of this makes sense, and I should go back to sleep. I should,
I barely got any tonight. But it's hard to sleep knowing none of friends are. I
hope we can all go back to our lives soon enough, but this time I understand
it's not going to be a week, and it's not going to be a year. Even when this new
war ends, another will come, and even if it doesn't, nothing will really be the
same. Especially for some of us.
